docs(agw): Documentation for systemd configuation (#14218)
magma/magma: docs/readmes/lte/dev_notes.md

`/etc/systemd/system` directory of the VM at the time of provisioning. You need
to manually sync changes to these files between guest and host OS.

- Systemd configuration files contain interdependencies of Magma services regarding the start, stop, and restart of services. Therefore, a systemd configuration contains several options to specify these dependencies.

> - The options `Before` and `After` define the order in which services are started and stopped. If a service gets started, the services listed in `Before` and `After` will also be started. If one of the other services gets stopped or its start fails, the service will be stopped. The following dependency graph depicts this order for Magma services.

Reviewer: Can we link the official documentation here, i.e. https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.unit.html#Before= .

> 

Reviewer: Can we insert a short an pregnant "How to read an arrow" here. Similar to the ones in https://github.com/magma/magma/issues/14055#issuecomment-1282184443.
E.g. Read `ConnectionD → MME` as "ConnectionD has a Before=MME configured", or "MME has a After=ConnectionD" configured. Double check, that I have given that in the right direction in this example here.

    ```mermaid
    graph TD
        SubscriberDB --> MobilityD

        OVS --> MobilityD
        MobilityD --> MME

        MobilityD --> PipelineD
        EnvoyController --> PipelineD
        EnvoyController --> Envoy

        OVS --> PipelineD
        PipelineD --> MME

        PipelineD --> ConnectionD
        PipelineD --> LiAgent

        OVS --> ConnectionD
        ConnectionD --> MME

        SctpD --> MME
        SessionD --> MME
    ```

> - The options [Wants](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.unit.html#Wants=) and [Requires](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.unit.html#Requires=) specify a set of services that will be started if the configuring service starts. If the listed services fail to start, this has no impact on the service start in the case of `Wants`. Considering `Requires`, the service will not be started if the option `After` is set on the failing service.

Reviewer: - This is somewhat hard to understand. How about something similar to the following.
- Would the last part in parenthesis also hold? Or is that non symmetric in this case?

```suggestion
- If a service Alpha [Wants](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.unit.html#Wants=) or [Requires](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.unit.html#Requires=) a service Beta, the service Beta is also started, when service Alpha starts.
  - In case of [Wants](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.unit.html#Wants=) a startup failure of service Beta has no impact on service Alpha.
  - In case of [Requires](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.unit.html#Requires=) a startup failure of service Beta will prevent start of service Alpha, if the option `After` is set on service Beta (or `Before` is set on service `Alpha`).
```

PS.: Applying the suggestion via Github might break the DCO check, though. :shrug:

Author: > * Would the last part in parenthesis also hold? Or is that non symmetric in this case?

The behaviour is only given for `After`.

> The subsequent figure illustrates both configuration options for Magma services. For example, `EnvoyController → Envoy` is read as "If EnvoyController starts, require to start Envoy as well." and `MobilityD → SubscriberDB` as "If MobilityD starts, a start of SubscriberDB is wanted.".

Reviewer: Would we need an indent here?

    ```mermaid
        graph TD
        MME --> SctpD

        MobilityD -.-> OVS
        MobilityD -.-> SubscriberDB

        PipelineD -.-> OVS
        EnvoryController --> Envoy
    ```

    (Wants = Doted line, Requires = Normal line)

> - The option [PartOf](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.unit.html#PartOf=) includes a set of other services restarted or stopped if the service is restarted or stopped. The following graph shows the `PartOf` configuration for Magma services. For example, `ConnectionD → MME` can be read as "If ConnectionD restarts, then an MME restart will also initiate."

Reviewer: - `a MME restart`
- Optional: It might again become clearer, if the first sentence is specifically calling the services with some names. (See above)

    ```mermaid
    graph TD
        LiAgent --> PipelineD
        Envoy --> PipelineD
        EnvoyController --> PipelineD

        MME --> SessionD
        MME --> PipelineD
        MME --> MobilityD

        SessionD --> MME 
        PipelineD --> MME
        MobilityD --> MME 
        ConnectionD --> MME

        PipelineD --> MobilityD
        PipelineD --> OVS
    ```

>    ➡️ The systemd configuration options `Wants`, `Requires`, and `PartOf` only define which services have to be started, restarted or stopped. The order of starts/restarts/stops is specified by `Before` and `After`.

Reviewer: ~~_Optional:_ Instead of the icon an [banner](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions) might be really nice here.~~

Forget that. It is only available from [Docusaurus verion 2.1.0](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions) and we are still on v1.x.

Author: Is not supported in the used Docusaurus version.
